docs: update clang-format and gdb documentation (#3967)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/DEVELOPMENT-GUIDE.md

UNIT_TESTS=s2n_hash_test make
```

### Debugging With GDB

> When trying to debug a failing test case, it is often useful to use a debugger like `gdb`. To do this, first make sure that the tests and s2n are compiled with debug information. This can be done by setting the CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE to DEBUG. Alternately, you can set the build type to R.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When trying to debug a failing test case, it is often useful to use a debugger like `gdb`. To do this, first make sure that the tests and s2n are compiled with debug information. This can be done by setting the CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE to DEBUG. Alternatively, you can set the build type to R.
```

I'm not a cmake expert, but wouldn't setting the build type to R imply "Release" instead of "Debug"?

Author: Hmm, I now remember that I meant to look up the spelling of "RelWithDebInfo" or whatever the setting is, and apparently forgot to do that :(

```
# generate the build configuration with debug symbols enabled
cmake . \
    -Bbuild \
    -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=DEBUG
```

> Then a unit test can be run from gdb. Note that our unit tests rely on relative paths for cert locations and things, so the test executable must be invoked from the directly that holds the test source file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then gdb can be used to run a unit test. Note that our unit tests rely on relative paths for certificates, so the test executable must be invoked from the directory that holds the test source file. Alternatively you can `cd` into the unit test folder once gdb is running.
```
Some of your phrasing is kind of weird here.

> consider the `s2n_x509_validator_test`. This source file for this resides at `s2n-tls/tests/unit/s2n_x509_validator_test.c`, while the test executable will reside at `s2n-tls/build/bin/s2n_x509_validator_test.c`. So running the test with gdb can be done with the following

Reviewer: Do you think this example is necessary? I think the gdb description is sufficient.
